{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21740\viewh14140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 dxg:\
\
All files should be the latest versions after addressing the referee reports. The fitting results are slightly different from the version on arXiv. I should probably update the arXiv version once the paper has been published by PRL.\
\
The directory dxg_measurement contains five power spectra, each at one galaxy redshift. Each file contains the power spectrum and random power spectra that can be used to estimate noise covariance. The code that produces the power spectra is in the subdirectory code. Feel free to take a look if you are interested. I am not sending the FRB catalog since it is available on line nor the galaxy catalogs since they are very large. I do not think you need the catalogs for now, but I can make them available later.\
\
The directory dxg_fitting_latest contains the signal model and fitting codes. I submit submit_curve_fit.sh to my cluster, which calls curve_fit.py, which uses mcmcfit.py and fiducial_parameters.py. The signal model is in mcmcfit.py. In mcmcfit.py, most of the modeling is done in the method model_cl_Dg, which call a few other modeling functions. To understand how the MCMC code works, just read the method mcmc. Most functions in mcmcfit.py are used to plot the results, which are not needed for fitting. I have extracted most of the plotting functions to the notebook plot-figures.ipynb. So once I have run the fitting code and obtained the fitting result, stored in mcmc_out.h5, I use the notebook to read the h5 file and make plots. The codes and the notebook can be a mess, so let me know if you have questions.\
\
fxg:\
\
The files are organized in the same way as dxg. However, I did fxg a long time ago, and unfortunately I did not document this project as carefully, so I cannot remember all the details either. In the fxg_measurement directory, I have the power spectra made from 5 galaxy redshift bins and 10 DM bins from Catalog 2. The power spectra are stored in frbxgal_lmax2771_12_lb_5_zb_10_db_100_samplessecond_try.h5. It was produced using the notebook correlation_10_zb.ipynb. To make the power spectrum, in addition to the Catalog 2 and galaxy catalogs, you also need an FRB random catalog, which is tricky to make. I can provide that later if you need it.\
\
The fxg_fitting directory contains the fitting results. The notebook updated_signal_lognorm.ipynb is a notebook version of how the signal model and MCMC code works. It has pretty detailed notes on the fxg signal model and the MCMC fitting code. Note that my signal model may have small differences with Ryan\'92s. I don\'92t think the differences really matter that much. The directory job_submittion has pretty much the same code as updated_signal_lognorm.ipynb, but it is a version that can be submitted as a job to a cluster. Again, I submit submit_run_fit.sh, which calls run_fit.py that needs mcmcfit_clfg.py and fiducial_parameters.py as modules. The fitting result is stored in mcmc_out_updated_signal_lognorm.h5, which I can read and plot with plot_cl_fg_fitting_results.ipynb. Right now, the modeling and fitting code is very slow. To produce mcmc_out_updated_signal_lognorm.h5, my code had to run for nearly two days on the cluster with a single node. The run time will increase with the number of DM bins. It would be great if you or the undergrad student can improve the performance. Right now, the fxg detection significance (model dependent) is only 2.5 sigma, which we do not understand why yet. Because I have not spent that much time on fxg, and all codes were written nearly a year ago, some bugs are possible.\
\
Hopefully this is enough material to get everyone started. Again, sorry about the disorganized code and notebooks. I really should clean things up a bit and upload everything to GitHub, which I should ideally do later. Slack me if you have questions, and I will try my best to get back to you. I will be back on Jun 25th!\
\
}